Final loss after training:0.918272078037262

Output of the Transformer after training (First 10000 tokens)

POLIXENES:
No more, one some can others every one.

VOLUMNIA:
Twould they were Lewis by him wears, like Henry,
And leave Aumerle with brest supper their grace.

MENENIUS:
Madam not, my fellow,
Father, methoughts, thy companions made
That, Jove removed, more worthy than than he,
Which greater than Edward can undoub'd him come.
O, tenty thou to that he is hot,
Shall keep thy hands death to go away
Either's with ride again? Thou hast made me for thee,
Where in dreams when thou hast act of Clarence to his ears
Made to them by Henry lips and tonguish?
They follow'd shungle what say'st thou dost a prince,
Even in my fear of Richmond?

Sherrah, my love, to approvoke me not with a
great: but it was
The cannot crowns; go at it not we;
But, as the impout better the changeared in my conces
the opport; scarces cried by out the pounts, but
And a fortning in great matter seem sorry.

HERMIONE:
Why, so!
Torse my inworthy shall I do cur soft and unto
That speaks on my boons with the else gates:
Appothecarital hurly bent and breath themes,
Slander victory what is decreetly and ne'er:
That I have, by this doublet love the sun:
Right to my heart
May wink attend toward groans them night.

BENVOLIO:
Romeo, her heart's to stand in this man.

BAMPTISTA:
Is Romeo there.

BAReather the less, avouch pred feeling builts,
Divided before himost he way?

MERCUTIO:
No, if you good cousin, I pray you should
Bnot that Petruchancast Plashy to hear
Under that danger'd in our knave dreams,
Trawing your courteous against your inject,
You went your suffering to egg for force.

EDWARD:
What would seem that, like thou nept thou art,
From on that, if unnatural duke in my forward.
I was it for mine hath to betch'd him.

MONTAGUE:
How would the manor have been before this,
By Jupiter, I then depoted by night:
A know what hath he there won,
Who payss that he is warlike.

PRINCE:
The office which will being enough;
Commit what he would murder me, 'for him.'

POLIXENES:
Seal't, shall stir upon him;
Even like him seen the glorious dark out
Of reasonacret: the Capitol, the put him
With my poor instantly.

CAMILLO:
The uggrant is cencuit of occasion.

All:
I will shake our shears in Vienna field,

All Chiars; it is held by your dishonour
Cannot near all yourself.

CLyman:
We cannot have been any friends you with me.

Servant:
Ay, it may more want for us; and so that
gs havingmen.

Servant:
Doubed, sir? why are your companions?

ROMEO:
For this, sir, I will be found and as old,
Without you have been deme--intend now pleaced
entire to your eyes? Shall we do fret.
We have scarce away down and I said
For queen'd the why the watery sun; and if
I have been can spoke, 'twould urite away:
'Tell him there's like to sg, when I wake,
And whether I will bar--than instrument,
With grudge heated with bright ground eye, it banish'd,
Or, by the tears and finds the languish cplung regreet
And envy the capture of our nights for men,
But ere the windows or waking o' the way
The shly by men in otherward; it shall most crown
Than determine the veins well our birth tongue
May fight: proud upon him fright fair breath
And once rejoice to thus public. Now, lords?

MOPSA:
Sovery true; then craves; I will I will or the
threst house whereon we are turns to what the courts
ours with a rest.

DORCAS:
We enjoy, the greatest are the crown, my lord
makes lawthers' heavens: there is advice, if
they must by great,--
Hunting your grace, givage fell'd.

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, we'll satisfy yonders;
And no more lecs to fight in shame.

CORIOLANUS:
You will, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Tranio, can you do this disture.

FLORIZEL:
Very unthank your offer'd faces.

MARIANA:
How can you we know the counsel?

CAMILLO:
Fit you in your father's morning truth, if
you have told me, had you sound to impose your general,
And sent for your divining frantest custom?

LADY CAPULET:
It be your petents, with the maid
That he may beseech,--like like much mely as by,
Which they can do ather diverser concealting,
Against the better.

CAMILLO:
Sir, as well say some certain,
If they say, to the cull, till lead money
Should interchangmen of men, their other poor deeds.

CAMILLO:
You have done so long as thus moves yours
when mean root wrong.

ANGELO:
Death he might thou livest;
And, prepare not the leisure, canst thou yet.

PERDITA:
I for my good sovereign,
So farewell.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It is not more better my canker'd to bear
A lean nor less nest, than this my grief repair,
For a melting more than my strength,
That I, in thousand mould beget it,
Give me some half a death. Be stood to thee,
Except my father, house some that doth bleed,
To God, be real and fiend to mend for help.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then, farewell, proud.

GLOUCESTER:
Cousin, you muse not to Barthol, fond till King Leon;
He shall find them that swear the hand.
The queen hath left their help of my father-in-chief
Within your sole prosperous souls about of them of

Second Capitol: your worshieve they know my heir
departnes, your gentle father might be so ingrace,
I have to beard with woe to their council-hearts.
Come on, ten terms, and grave them libertier:
with strengths, power it then Duke of York before so,
They shall proclaim free from a mile house
Within by stark. If I should love my hands
The king of Henry, so hath truth mights and pour
Deep-dry, be bidening metrell. Good fail
That he was Edward in post his was,
And when the Henry and his Edward's hateful brood,
Not drop the forced chamberland and twenty,
To wield his full course, he should have heard the curse,
And this breathed by the seater, will wend
One with a throng dead betwixt thine mind.
The and usue on what cease's doth he wails his death.
Commend me to come to play from foul yisle.
Say, uncle, who bring you more than you were to-ne?
My brother he could forth home to bed,
When he is almost he I stand with more grief;
And all that love shows he wither'd his face,
And, being my great power in the high'st.
O, thus shall war till think it may and ply them.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Swart with Turks feed from Ravenspurgh?
When give us his princely glimps;
That's emself, over man to appear'd daughters.

CLIFFORD:
It stands, my lord; 'till heart them gave me sea
garden and we do fruit with me: on her plack Hercuita
As oft divenry. What thus I see? So many means,
She fights must not be as he is up within.
But O, who canst her? What what is there?
My tongue shall be weary for nece will declines?

First Murderer:
What if these were ere this holy man?

Second Murderer:
We should say them, no more lies in their general,
And we beat their to take to her bead doth haste
He interceded by his evil: make himself
Hath lost-firm'd his connert to her shall beed;
Say that he should proceed he call a forthworn
Favourable imaginary: I must be not so tittend.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Right, I promised her thereof, to fight our dumble.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There slander of your grace turnsed upon one you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your pardons to the weary weeds that love them;
But therefore, troud the nothing hath wrong'd me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have it boon and like to you: if fall them
next being their eyes on thing one between a tide,
if the people's censure upon their side, he shall doth war
him for her life.

ANGELO:
Ye are the place: confession he will not
home.

ISABELLA:
Most interate hath but devised with me possibly;
My poor is the chaste, King Richard,
And all the thirty househouses of live and the chair
Fives makes gross; but she lightly streaks nothing.
The nettles of stilen bettle field the selfsame
Should set me death, to that seems earth words and say.
This soothes doth march and the scatte.
Even thrice that my mother were alms;
For stand to their beholding loves our blood,
To bloody this leanness'd revemn'd likeness.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hold, sail, my lord,
With hallower'd already.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hold, thou wouldst of goest,
At thy secret with my heart and either neat,
Warwick brideg out, return me to my brow:
'Tis time to cry when to the lion sleep ingage.

BALTHAR:
No holy pelter,--

STA:
Besides, my green less, friar, as I should think,
And been prepare upon my faces;
Which are they mu may forget you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I bless the offer that which was else and mine
You first impression and me twenty thoughts,
Even thou so remember them weep.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
These eyes did stumble: she will doth strike
Notion himself and so young; but so strives as trong
As may make a foren whose under I must,
Even to suppose gentle and the actor. Or
to hears, Signior Give her divine him,
Makes an arvel perfeit or course hot? What
say you, Tranio, there have been loved in the number,
and call'd your fine to whip and vice, nor know but
getter, though all this instrument.

Servant:
We thought it were it like one of your world
that my brave: he is a nobles; here it do
pleased it to your knowledge: for this nobour thanks
stone up himself more and the neither of their wealth
and livery lord.

POLIXENES:
Praise your poor quart, forget to us twain;
on suffering men to pale, some back.

LEONTES:
Shall we wounded?

POLIXENES:
To those that, as he weights that he
Will joy concestly requiret him for.

LEONTES:
We may never lay my so,
Where's the prince you mistake is my daughter.
If he be just on Elbower my liege,
Hath both got put on him, he's in request
And first thunder with the sharphing eds wandering sit.

First Murderer:
What at the soul did between, the veins
To the Lord William Brandon, this blood
From Rance twice put his dare from your city;
With all stand to him depart; Scrimand,
'Favour breakful souls and mannerly dury when took,
That he is, he did pilgrish with a child,
To hide earth he the bogut of my edge,
Become the duke, enemy, or had mercy:
Or in defect, because I had a quiet,
And she is falsehood provoked her brother's horse.
Where, hark how the king's knees no borrow's court?
Did  not the new the English kens,
And who doth if Warwick dare rid weep the siege?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sound shall the stones thereof be bolt
With breaks, thou tie teech withing pil
